amc's the walking dead has long been one
of the most memorable and impactful
works in the zombie genre rather than
focusing purely on the horrors of the
zombie apocalypse
it instead spends a longer time
developing its characters showing the
daily life and survival tactics of these
characters
and establishing a dystopian feeling
that leaves the viewers wondering could
i survive in this situation
so if you were placed in a universe
where a single bite can change you from
loving family man to horrific mindless
cannibal
would you know how to survive in today's
how to be video i'm going to be teaching
you how to beat the walkers from the
walking dead
the walking dead show starts off
following rick the protagonist rick is a
police officer who gets injured in a
shootout and as a result he can find a
hospital bed in a vegetative state
when he wakes up he finds no one around
him everything around the hospital is
essentially non-functional
in the show rick decides that he needs
to immediately leave the hospital and
run straight into the city not knowing
what the [ __ ] is going on and also
having no clothes
if i were rick in this situation i would
attempt to take as much medical supplies
as i could
in the zombie apocalypse medical
supplies is going to become exceedingly
rare
so get bandages and general use
antibiotics for future wounds
addictive medications can also be used
as bargaining chips to trade for food or
weapons
if your spawn point is in a hospital you
might as well use it
later rick meets a father-son duo that
offers some help and he takes it and
stays with them for the night
personally i think making friendships at
the start of the apocalypse is smart
since most people haven't completely
abandoned their moral compass yet
and nice people are still plentiful and
alive these friendships are the only
ones that you can trust throughout the
apocalypse
afterwards rick goes alone into the city
on horseback to look for his family
this is stupid a city is where most
zombies are going to be rick is not only
inexperienced with how zombies work
but also doesn't have a vehicle even if
the city wasn't completely overrun he
risked the military bombing the city to
slow the infection
rick runs into a zombie horde and ends
up trapped inside the tank he knows he
doesn't have long until the zombies
finish eating his horse and surround the
tank
luckily for rook he is radioed by a man
named glenn who saves him and brings him
to a group in the mountains
in the group he finds his wife lori and
partner shane however sadly for rick
they've been [ __ ] so they thought
rick was dead
now let's take a look at the current
survival group's location it's located
in bellword quarry in atlanta georgia
according to the walking dead film
location map
it features a forest as well as a quarry
with a little lake in the middle
it's absolutely somewhere you want to
visit in real life because it's
beautiful but how about in the zombie
apocalypse
the pros are is the location has a
reliable source of fresh water with fish
that is relatively unpolluted
as well as a high ground where you can
set up camp and fend off zombies a lot
easier
however the main con is its forested
location according to the max brooks
zombie survival guide a forested
location is almost always a no-no
since most people die from zombies
popping up behind a tree and sneak
attacking them
although this is a solid occasion for a
large group unless you have enough
people to secure the perimeters i
wouldn't suggest staying here
getting back to the show the group's
first dilemma comes when a member of the
group named jim gets bit and he tries to
hide his bike
the group ends up finding out and they
wonder what the [ __ ] should we do with
the dude that's about to turn into a
zombie
they decide to try to get help from the
cdc facility however i think that's a
terrible idea because if the city has
overrun the odds of the cdc existing or
even being partially operational is just
not possible
now a lot of you would expect me to say
make sure to immediately chop his head
off so he's no longer threat to the
group however that is not the best
approach here
instead i would allow jim to say his
goodbyes and then execute him out of
sight from the group it's important to
make sure people who get bitten are
still allowed some time with their loved
ones and still treated as humans
because if you don't do that people are
going to start hiding the fact they were
bitten in order to get the last seconds
of their loved ones and potentially
endanger you and your group
the characters of the movie never seem
to take my advice and they still head to
the cdc building anyways and it's in the
middle of a [ __ ] city during night
time
the building looks completely overrun
and abandoned and they feel like oh is
lost since they're essentially trapped
in a city after dark
however the door opens and the one
remaining scientist in the entire
facility
lets them in the cdc building is
basically a paradise it's sheltered as
plenty of food and water as well as hot
water to even take showers in
however like good things it doesn't last
since the cdc building will
self-destruct after it runs out of fuel
in order to maintain its secrets
the scientist doesn't want to let anyone
out of the building since he wants them
to experience a painless death
although rick is later to able to
convince the scientist to open the door
for him
it's still a very close call a more
reliable method would be
physical torture but you have to make
sure you don't kill him or accidentally
make him pass
out because then you'll run out of time
and the building will explode so the
torture method i suggest is pulling out
the fingernails
it causes lots of pain really quickly it
doesn't result in a lot of blood loss
and victims usually won't
pass out or die so i suggest putting
this to the test until he gives you the
pin code to leave
after making it out of the cdc our story
then continues with our crew as they
attempt to make it to fort pennings
which is a military base where they
think they can get help this is a
terrible idea
military bases are going to be the first
place people try to go in times of need
and where there are people there's going
to be a [ __ ] ton of zombies
also mapped out the distance and found
it to be 140 miles away from the cdc
building
meaning they need to waste a [ __ ] ton of
fuel in order to get there
but if the group were intent on going
then they should have been driving
around 65 miles per hour which is the
most fuelly efficient speed to drive at
after driving for a long period of time
they run into a pile of cars and can't
go any further
here is where i would suggest looking
for shelter for the night before
deciding your next course of action
you could drive to a new location or set
your cars up in a protective formation
similar to that of the atats in the
battle of geonosis
this protects against any other humans
and zombies alike however it removes
your option to escape so it's hard to
maneuver your cars out of that position
however before they can do anything a
waka horde approaches
the group decides the best course of
action is to hide under cars splash
zombie guts on yourself etc instead i
would attempt to get in the vehicles and
just drive away since zombies are slow
as [ __ ] and they're pretty far away
for some reason people decide to start
running into the [ __ ] forest as well
which according to the max brook zombie
guide is stupid as hell
it's also worth noting that the zombies
in this movie are extremely
uncoordinated
their main power is strength and numbers
so if everyone just got in their
vehicles and laid low
i predict that the zombies would have
just walked past them
luckily for the group most of them make
it out of this situation
well uh most of them when rika karl
decide to go exploit the forest they
come upon a deer as carl decides to go
touch the deer for some reason
he gets shot by a hunter through the
deer the hunter is a good guy and brings
carl to a family farm to receive
treatment from herschel who is a vet
although it may be tempting to
decapitate the entire farm's people and
steal their food
and guns i suggest waiting it out since
the vet has medical knowledge that may
be important to the group
meanwhile the hunter and shane the dude
that was [ __ ] lori rick's wife back
at the first camp go and get medical
supplies
they are overwhelmed by walkers and
shane injures his foot he is able to
only escape barely by shooting the
hunter in the leg and allowing him to be
bait for the walkers
in this situation i would advise the
hunter to make noises and run around and
distract the zombies while shane gets
further away
then the hunter can just run up and
catch up with shane and escape the horde
since the horde can only move at a
walking speed
so shane is able to make it back to the
farm with medical supplies and carl is
eventually stabilized
while we're already at the farm let's do
a quick analysis of that location
it's located in a rural setting with
prime farmland and livestocks which
makes it a sustainable option in the
long term
its flat setting allows you to see
zombies and zombie hordes from miles
away
and allows sniping zombies and intruders
alike extremely easy
the only weakness of the farm is the
lack of fortification in fences or walls
which makes intruders with vehicles a
big threat the lack of walls also allow
zombie walkers to stroll into your farm
and eat your livestock
and mess up your fields we start to
figure out why this is a big issue
dale a member of the group sees a cow
being eaten and a sneak attack and
killed by a zombie
the mistake he made was trying to use a
sniper rifle in his investigation
a sniper rifle is a long range weapon
and if a zombie gets near you the long
barrel makes it hard to maneuver
and if you miss the first shot you need
to spend a much longer time reloading
instead i would carry a pistol or shot
off shotgun to a close range
investigation
because they're more accurate and
efficient at close range
later shane tries to kill rick however
rick tricks shane and stabs him
chain left off one minute that leads the
walkers to the farm and it destroys the
entire farm and the group is forced to
flee and find a new home
on their way of finding a new home not a
lot of interesting stuff happens however
lori finds out carl has been learning to
shoot a gun and she's upset about that
rick says why not a kid shouldn't go
unprotected
turns out lori knows a few things about
being unprotected since shane got her
pregnant back in the beginning of the
show
instead of taking morning after pills
she decides to keep the baby
obvious mistake people around you are
literally dying and you're adding a baby
into the equation that simply isn't
possible
you'll need more food and more people to
protect that baby carl getting a gun is
a great idea i suggest that every person
in the group should at least know how to
shoot a gun and everyone should be at
least armed with a knife hatchet or some
sort of
melee weapon that they can use to kill
zombies guns are obviously preferred but
melee weapons are better as they don't
need ammo another suggestion i have is a
mask mandate i know that there isn't
covet 19 in the walking dead universe
and the zombie virus isn't even airborne
but a tiny bit of that delicious walker
blood accidentally spilling into your
mouth as you chop into his head
will cause you to turn into a
bloodthirsty walker
after escaping the farm the group then
comes upon a prison which they decide
must be their new home
so they clean up all the zombies while
doing that they find food weapons and
armor
however they find a few death row
inmates as well if i were in this
situation i would suggest killing all
the death row inmates they were on death
row
for a reason the last thing you want is
these crazy rapists and murderers
running around members of your group and
killing them
now let's quickly talk about how you
should be taking out isolated groups of
walkers using melee weapons the show
actually does a great job of this
everyone should stand in a circle
covering 360 degrees of vision this
prevents walkers from sneaking up on you
each person should only be leaving the
circle to kill a zombie and then
immediately returning
after settling into the prison a
mysterious disease starts to spread it's
pretty lethal and pretty contagious
this basically carries no real life
implications since a small group of
people can't just suddenly manifest a
disease the disease has to come from
somewhere else
but if this did happen i would suggest
everyone quarantining in their cells
because we learned that whoever dies
turns into a walker
the last thing you want is for someone
to spread the disease around and die in
their cell and then eat everyone as a
walker
at this point the show also introduces
us to our first villain the governor
he's a psychopathic but effective leader
he's a safe community with walls
firearms and even a tank
he wants to take control the prison and
rick's group here there are two options
the first option is just to join the
governor
you can probably live a life of
happiness within the walled community
which i prefer because realistically you
probably aren't going to be winning a
battle against someone with a tank
the second option is to kill him you
have the opportunity many times in the
show such as when you're just having
this one-on-one conversation with him
this may not be as successful because if
you don't manage to kill him you're
going to turn into merle which is
someone that attempted to kill him and
fails miserably and dies
however even if you do manage to kill
him there's many people loyal to him
they'll probably seek revenge for him
and you're gonna have an ongoing war
that eventually [ __ ] both communities
now i believe you have what is necessary
to survive the zombie apocalypse if you
would like me to cover
another movie or future episodes of the
walking dead then make sure to drop a
comment as well as subscribing if you
enjoyed this video
and good luck to everyone surviving the
walker hordes